[Music]
so we're just getting ready to go skiing
again
been touching the phone all day and this
journey that I'm bringing the camera
with me because actually this is how we
basically move on oversized
[Music]
didn't want to damage the converter and
I'm so bad that I didn't have with me
like I've taken loads of tumbles we are
gonna take camera today and vlog them
and just show you what we just gained
all this much five minute walk to get to
the first slide where we got yourself
also this is the Cameroonian CA which is
gonna walk up to the top and then ski
down and decide where we're going it's a
really nice day as well it's so clear
there's been like loads of fresh snow
this week which makes skiing a little
bit easy because you might as I've seen
over him I had such a good time so far
I'll show you Charlie makes is just
getting an hour loop and then we walk
like I'm having just a finger we walk up
up there and then go like up the top and
down and then we're going to send a
rover why would there's loads like ski
lifts to go up into the mountains and
stuff but so clear today these are the
worst forearm
my feet are so sore from yesterday I've
lights keys and Black Nations got red
and white good scheme down and found
these really cute horses this okay
little
[Music]
and
we're gonna head way about such nice day
[Music]
[Applause]
but I still got the Christmas
[Music]